{
    "title": "Stop #1 Volcom Stone's Wild In The Parks Costa Mesa, CA 2013",
    "description": "We kicked off the Wild in the Parks tour in glorious form at Volcom's private skatepark on Saturday May 18, 2013.\n\nWilly Wonka opened the candy factory doors to the Wild in the Parks. Never before has the general public had the opportunity to come skate the private skate facility. Competitors from all over California and as far as Oklahoma and Arizona came out to put their skills on display. Special bonus for the tour opener, Volcom Entertainment band Tweak Bird put on a free show for the WITP faithful. It was epic day of skateboarding and a great way to get the tour cracking.\n\nThe 14 & Under division got the party started. This group might be small in stature but their skills are top notch. It's amazing to see the level of talent this California crew possesses. Volcom's own Alex Midler was in attendance and putting on a demo. Even though we only take the single best score in each of the 3 zones, Alex was putting down piles of hammers showing his bag of tricks has some serious depth. His performance earned him the 1st place position but the victory wasn't easy with Oceanside's Cam Sedlick massacring the course. Cam took home the 2nd place title. A road trip from San Jose ended well for Connor Kepp as he took home 3rd place. Good showing to all the young guns that were in attendance.\n\nThe 15 & Over division was next to bat. They were swinging for the fences after witnessing what the 14- crew put down, they knew they needed to step it up. Not holding back Blake Sherwood went on a mission of destruction. Nailing down some serious moves he was awarded top honors for his stellar performance. Nipping at his heals was Oklahoma's Mason Coletti earning the 2nd place position. 3rd was awarded to WITP faithful Tanner Lawler. We are looking forward to seeing how this top 7 stacks up at the $15,000 championship on October 19, 2013.\n\n\n\nThe Open division had the distinction of putting the cap on the day. It was hard to imagine the flames could go any higher but if anyone could burn it down it's this group. Sure enough the finals progressed into a fury of action. Moves were laid down one after another causing pandemonium throughout all in attendance. Rising from the ashes in first place was Chris Gregson earning himself $250, a fat Volcom backpack full of gear, and additional prizes from our sponsors. It was not an easy victory with Dominick Walker not far behind in 2nd place. Christian Sereika held down 3rd place and took home $100 and a grip of gear. Keep on eye on this group come October.\n\n\nIt was a privilege to have a public event at the private park and we are grateful to have had the opportunity. Thanks to all the Volcom family that helped make this a reality and especially all in attendance lending a hand. The support is greatly appreciated. Special thanks to our judging panel: Brian Mack, Harris Hutchinson, and Tyler Mumma for sorting through the madness. Lastly, thank you to our tour sponsors for their contributions. Show these guys your love for supporting skateboarding:\n\nHI-CHEW\nGATORADE\nTRANSWORLD SKATEBOARDING\nKICKER \nCAM CADDIE\n\n\n\n\nResults:\n14 & Under Division:\n1st: Alex Midler\n2nd: Cam Sedlick\n3rd: Connor Kepp\n4th: Austin Heilman\n5th: Zachary Jordan\n6th: Brandon Reynolds\n7th: Victor Aceves\n\n15 & Over Division:\n1st: Blake Sherwood\n2nd: Mason Coletti\n3rd: Tanner Lawler\n4th: DJ Walker\n5th: Marquise Menefee\n6th: Xavier Coleman\n7th: JJ Jenkins\n\nOpen Division:\n1st: Chris Gregson-$250\n2nd: Dominick Walker-$150\n3rd: Christian Sereika-$100\n4th: Devyn Langenheim\n5th: Sean Imes\n6th: Estrada Anthony\n7th: Jared Cleland\n\nHi-Chew's Chewiest Move of the Day:\nChris Mendes",
    "channelid": "168557",
    "videoid": "160073",
    "date_created": "1398384976",
    "date_modified": "1450743945",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/volcom\/stop-1-volcom-stone-s-wild-in-the-parks-costa-mesa-ca-2013\/168557-160073"
}