{
    "title": "GoPro: Space Net BASE Jump",
    "description": "This totally insane Pentagon Space Net project was an ultimate dedication to a relatively unknown, extremely loved Moab Monkey named Daniel \"Money Making\" Moore (22). Daniel died exactly 1 year prior to the rigging of this net. The 2000 sq. ft hand woven net was the brain child of Sketchy Andy Lewis and created by the Moab Monkeys in honor of Daniel and his limitless stoke. Designing the net was a 7 year learning process for Andy, and with more than 25 people, the net took more than 500 cumulative man hours to weave the nearly 20,000 ft of cord together, and took more than 65 people to rig! The Space Net was up for 1 week and saw more than 350 visitors, more than 200 safe BASE jumps (without injury), successful crossings of all 5 high lines (some with falls), a parachute landing, and has gone down in history as the most epic communal project that Moab, UT has ever seen. Enjoy this video of Matt Blank showing you what it takes to get out there and jump through the hole! Stay human, stay alive, stay stoked; and remember life is short, SO ENJOY IT!  \n\nHuge thanks go out to Brent and Canyon Cain, Will Fryer, Hayley Ashburn, Scott Rogers, Brian Mosbaugh, Sylvan Christensen, Jimmy Peterson, Adam Krum, Ryan Sorg, Sarah Taz, Delta Rigging, Terry Acomb, and the many other Monkeys that were all necessary for this project to come alive!      \n\nShot 100% on the HERO3+\u00ae camera",
    "channelid": "3762188",
    "videoid": "66174386",
    "date_created": "1428422468",
    "date_modified": "1473811011",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/gopro\/gopro-space-net-base-jump\/3762188-66174386"
}