{
    "title": "Final Day Highlights \/ Volcom Fiji Pro 2012",
    "description": "Congratulations Kelly Slater, The Volcom Fiji Pro champion!\n\nThe final day of competition was a supercharged morning of excellent Cloudbreak surfing and Kelly Slater has emerged the champion of the inaugural Volcom Fiji Pro. Slater surfed a blitzing final against Brazil's Gabriel Medina scoring 18.16 points with only two waves ridden in the 35-minute battle. \n\nEarlier in the day, CJ Hobgood had one of the more memorable rides of the day with an unbelievable barrel in the dying minutes of his quarterfinal heat against Brazil's Adriano De Souza. \n\n\"It was a blessing that wave came and it did,\" Hobgood said. \"I knew Adriano (de Souza) was going to post huge scores and he did. That wave came and I just put my head down. That feeling when they read out the score, it just feels good.\" \n\nHobgood met a different fate in the semis where the 11-time world champ beat him out for a spot in the final showdown. \n\nThe final was on and Slater put on a Cloudbreak clinic against Brazil's Gabriel Medina. Gabriel had impressed the world with his amazing charge to the final but in the end was no match for Kelly's near-perfect performance.\n\n\"That's probably the best I could surf out here,\" Slater said. \"The barrel and the turn sections just lined up for me and I was able to do what I did. That was a perfect canvas for me.\"\n\nWith this win, Slater moves up to 2nd in the ASP World title ratings behind new ratings leader, Mick Fanning.\n\n\nCongratulations Kelly!!\n\n\n- Music - \nSong: \"You Give Me Worms\" (Instrumental)\nArtist: Turbonegro\nRelease: Sexual Harrassment",
    "channelid": "168557",
    "videoid": "161430",
    "date_created": "1398385013",
    "date_modified": "1444255046",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/volcom\/final-day-highlights-volcom-fiji-pro-2012\/168557-161430"
}