{
    "title": "GoPro Surf: Grom Games - Ep. 2",
    "description": "Kids these days....Rip! \n\nIn episode 2 of Grom Games, get to know the surfing of Alan Cleland Jr. and the first female on Grom Games, Miss Caroline Marks. \n\nAlan Cleland Jr. \/ @alclelandjrsurf \nWielding two passports (Mexico and USA) and a style that has bursts of Bruce Irons and Andrew Doheny, Al is the type of kid waits out the back for the best waves while everyone else is frothing on scraps on the inside. Guess that\u2019s a product of living and learning to surf in Pascuales, Mexico. He\u2019s one of the many pleasant surprises of this trip, and a likely contender for the best tube and best turn categories. \n\nCaroline Marks \/ @caroline_markss \nHello, first ever-female invitee. Hello, most talked about surfer in the water. Hello \u2014 fine, I\u2019ll just say it \u2014 future world champ. Caroline Marks of Melbourne Beach, FL (now residing in San Clemente, CA) so obviously belongs here that when her peers watch her surf it\u2019s always, \u201cThat was so sick!\u201d and never \u201cThat was so sick\u2026for a girl.\u201d The fact that she\u2019s sweet and helpful on land is icing on the cake. \n\nRead more at http:\/\/www.surfingmagazine.com\/news\/grom-games-introducing-2016-invitees\/#qo2gobL6iy59J8Dz.99\n\nShot 100% on the HERO4\u00ae camera from \u202ahttp:\/\/GoPro.com.\n\nGet stoked and subscribe: http:\/\/goo.gl\/HgVXpQ\n\nTo license clips from this video go to https:\/\/licensing.gopro.com \n\nMusic\n\nLatimore \"I'm a believer'\n\nFor more from GoPro, follow us:\nFacebook: https:\/\/www.facebook.com\/gopro\nTwitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/gopro\nInstagram: https:\/\/instagram.com\/gopro\nTumblr: http:\/\/gopro.tumblr.com\/\nPinterest: http:\/\/www.pinterest.com\/gopro   \nInside Line: https:\/\/gopro.com\/news",
    "channelid": "67508347",
    "videoid": "80343924",
    "date_created": "1479304803",
    "date_modified": "1479322987",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/lakai\/gopro-surf-grom-games-ep-2\/67508347-80343924"
}