{
    "title": "STOP #3 OF VOLCOM PBRJ EUROPEAN TOUR 2014 | OSLO, NORWAY",
    "description": "The fog was thick as soup during the Volcom Peanut Butter and Rail Jam in Oslo Vinterpark. \n\nAnders at Oslo Vinterpark did a great job with the setup, which looked amazing and fun to ride, and the riders got quickly excited.\n\nThere was a kinkrail, a regular down rail and a polejam gap to box feature. \nThe 15 and under division did a great job on the gnarly rails, Mr. Sigurd Mygland walked away with the first place and tons of prizes.\n\nThe girls really killed it this year! PBRJ pioneer Dina Treland killed it on all the rails and got first place. The lovely CC Cab really impressed the judges and got 2nd place. Kirsti \u00d8ftsthus took so many gnarly slams (watch the video) that we had to bow our heads in the dust. She got the \"BADASS of the day\" Award.\n\nIn the 16-21 division, we had a lot of gnarly rippers. A lot of crazy tricks went down, we saw a backflip out of the pole jam to 5050 on the box. Christian Bj\u00f8nness was the man of the hour with heavy trick on all the features, he got to the top spot on the podium.\nThe Open category was packed with rippers, there were guys who had driven all the way from Stockholm to join the PBRJ circus. Local Eirik Nesse won everybody's hearts with his super stylish and creative riding. Hugo Wennmyr from Stockholm won the Open category and a great deal of cash. The days overall ripper ended up to be Mr. Eirik Nesse. He will be at the PBRJ World Finals in Mammoth courtesy of Volcom.\nThe crowd was fired up all day and the vibe was amazing. Everybody enjoyed free sodas, hotdogs and amazing snowboarding.\n\nHuge thanks to the guys at Oslo Vinterpark, Electric, Celtek, GoPro, Nitro, Union, Xsories, Coca Cola, Otto Prestmo, \u00d8yvind Heggelund, Kari, Simen, Jonas and Tore Nilsen.\n\nSee ya next year!\n\n\nRESULTS:\n\n15-\n1. Sigurd Mygland\n2. Max Schur\n3. Andreas Henstein\n4. Nicolay Tolund\n\n16+\n1. Christian Bj\u00f8nness\n2. Einar Fuglem\n3. Kristoffer Ler\u00e5nd\n4. Mats Tambini\n5. Konstatin Helmers\n\nGirls\n1. Dina Treland\n2. CC Cab\n3. Siri Stavheim\n\nOpen\n1. Hugo Wennemyr\n2. Eirik Nesse\n3. Sigurd Lindquist\n4. \u00c5dne B\u00f8\n5. Jessi Blackwell\n\n- Music - \nSong: Gravel Dreamer\nArtist: The Lovely Bad Things\nRelease: The Late Great Whatever",
    "channelid": "168557",
    "videoid": "159762",
    "date_created": "1398384938",
    "date_modified": "1450825160",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/volcom\/stop-3-of-volcom-pbrj-european-tour-2014-oslo-norway\/168557-159762"
}