{
    "title": "Arbor Collective :: Returning Roots",
    "description": "NOT JUST PLANTING TREES - REBUILDING FORESTS WITH EVERY SALE.\n\nSince day one, we\u2019ve donated a portion of everything sold to groups that protect and restore forests, and promote the sustainable use of natural resources. This is our Returning Roots program. The effort has been centered on the Koa highlands of Hawaii. We see this as the best way to give back to the planet and culture that gave us riding in the first place. The native Hawaiians invented surfing as much as 1,000 years ago, on boards made from Koa wood. If you surf mountains, sidewalks, or swell \u2013 the Hawaiians get a nod of gratitude.\nThe Hawaiian Legacy Reforestation Initiative is our main Returning Roots partner today. This group is not just planting trees \u2013 they are rebuilding forests. By Spring 2015, they will have planted over 300,000 Koa trees on 800 acres of former forestland, with a full range of native understory plants to complete the ecosystem. The Hawaiian Legacy Reforestation Initiative is helping Arbor do our part in the restoration and protection of forests, while we strike an important balance with our use of sustainable sourced wood materials.\nThe Arbor Collective is a crew of friends with a range of approaches to what, why, and where to ride. Tying these diverse perspectives together is a shared respect for the environment. That connection is a huge part of why Arbor was founded, and continues to be a driving force at the brand today.",
    "channelid": "3763991",
    "videoid": "6384814",
    "date_created": "1440805598",
    "date_modified": "1454548417",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/arbor\/arbor-collective-returning-roots\/3763991-6384814"
}