{
    "title": "Arbor Skateboards :: James Kelly - Burn It Down",
    "description": "On a rare occasion, you see a video that makes you stop - stop what you\u2019re doing, stop what you\u2019re thinking, even stop how you\u2019re breathing - a video that masters your emotions and alters your vitals. At that moment, when your heart jumps into your throat, and your nerve endings fire, you realize you\u2019re seeing something memorable.\nWith that we invite you to see a piece we filmed with Arbor team rider, James Kelly, to support the launch of his new pro model. The final product stopped us in our tracks. It reminded us once again why in downhill skating James is called the American Dream. A title he\u2019s been burning down for years with a humble approach and an unmatched intensity at speed.\nAbout James: Born in Petaluma, CA - James grew up riding with some of downhill\u2019s most influential skaters. For years, he\u2019s been showing that there\u2019s no road that can\u2019t be conquered. He has perfected his abilities to skate anything at speed, while building the discipline required to keep calm when the consequences are high. James is no stranger to the racecourse and podium, yet he\u2019s most at home on the hills surrounding his family cabin in the Western Sierras, where this video was filmed.\nAbout the New Model: The new James Kelly Pro Model is the result of years of skating at speed. More hours than can be counted went into the design, refinement, and road testing. The shape reflects the rider, the lines he rides, and serious nature of what he does. The shape has a long wide platform, multiple wheelbase options, and the right amount of rocker. It provides versatility and confidence when approaching speed. Dimensions: length 38.50\u201d \u2013 width: 9.75\u201d \u2013 wheelbase: 27.00\u201d-30.00\u201d. See the new shape here: arborcollective.com\/skateboards\/products\/james-kelly-pro-model\/\nAbout Arbor: The Arbor Collective was founded in 1995 and remains a family rooted in the experience and fueled by collaboration with athletes and artists who share a vision for forward thinking design. For more information on the Arbor Collective visit: arborcollective.com\nFilm\/Edit: Jack Boston\nMusic: \"Jim\" Swans",
    "channelid": "3763991",
    "videoid": "6413842",
    "date_created": "1443036827",
    "date_modified": "1446066160",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/arbor\/arbor-skateboards-james-kelly-burn-it-down\/3763991-6413842"
}