{
    "title": "Arbor Snowboards :: Welcome to Arbor - Bryan Iguchi",
    "description": "Welcome to Arbor, Bryan.\nWe are proud to announce a new partnership with friend and legend, Bryan Iguchi. We consider this a foundation level alliance that united past, present, and future.\nBryan Iguchi is an innovator, ambassador, artist, and leader. Through it all, he has never been afraid to walk away from the limelight and conventional thinking in order to evolve as a rider. His instinct for the arc of progression in snowboarding has made each stand-alone period in his career simply chapters in a powerful and ongoing story.\n\u201cSnowboarding has given me a deep connection to the mountains. Arbor\u2019s tree icon is symbolic of this to me. Their roots building boards with wood grain topsheets is something I\u2019ve always appreciated. I\u2019ve now been riding Arbor for two months and I\u2019m amazed by the quality and performance I\u2019ve experienced. It\u2019s an honor to be working with them.\u201d\n-Bryan Iguchi\n\u201cFor Arbor Snowboards, Guch brings a lifetime of experience to our product, team, and filming efforts. Working together, we now have a unique opportunity to blend that knowledge into everything we\u2019re doing, including a range of collaborative snowboard designs to come.\u201d\n-Matt Patti, Arbor Snowboards Brand Manager",
    "channelid": "3763991",
    "videoid": "6386438",
    "date_created": "1441211624",
    "date_modified": "1454551471",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/arbor\/arbor-snowboards-welcome-to-arbor-bryan-iguchi\/3763991-6386438"
}